Fenbren: Got you!
Fenbren: Baran... falls!
[roaring]
Fenbren [thought]:
What... was that...
Avan Strash?!
That pathetic... kid...
It's like I
was made to lose-
To lose to everyone-
like I never stood a chance!
Curse you! Curse you all!
Dai [thought]:
It was all instinct.
I've never felt
that before.
It's like the sword's
will and mine were one.
I forgot all about the seal.
All I could think
about was saving...
Baran: So. This is
your new weapon.
Impressive.
Baran: With both
of our blades,
not even the legendary
Dark Citadel Gate will hold.
Let's go, Dai.
Put everything you've
got into this single strike.
Dai: Okay.
Dai: It worked!
This is no earthquake...
Mystvearn [thought]:
They've actually breached it.
That gate was sealed by
the Dark King's own power.
Send for another, Mystvearn.
Mystvearn: Yes, sire.
How very impressive.
Dai: We did it. The entrance
to Vearn Palace is open.
Baran: We were
bound to succeed.
The combined might
of two Dragon Knights
is a force this
world has never known.
But breaching the gate
is only the beginning.
Keep your guard up.
Our real target is
the Dark King. Come now.
This shaking...
it can only mean...
Dai and Baran actually
breached the hidden gate.
[realizing breath]
Fenbren has fallen!
Hym: No!
Hym!
Where are you going-
stop this!
I'm going to
avenge my brother.
Albinass: You will not.
B-But...
Have you really
forgotten? Hym;
You swore a vow
to Lord Hadlar.
After Fenbren's disobedience,
how could we possibly
abandon our position now?
Yes, you're right.
I realize that our
purpose here is to allow
Lord Hadlar to fight
Dai and Baran alone.
W-What?!
That means...
We'll have to take
care of you ourselves.
Popp [thought]: Hadlar
really thinks he can take on
two Dragon Knights
at the same time?
Hadlar?!
And he's... alone.
[pained roar]
Albinass: Impossible.
How can he even stand?!
Perfect. I wouldn't
have this any other way.
Popp: Hyunckel!
Everyone - get up.
We'll deal with them,
then go after Dai and Baran.
Even after taking
all that damage...
He still made his way
to the battlefield.
Is he even actually
human? How can he be?
No, I think he
must be immortal.
Just like us.
Maam [thought]:
Hyunckel, this is crazy.
How did you even get here?
Crocodine: [chuckling]
Crocodine [thought]: That
magnificent, reckless fool.
Crocodine: Hey,
you big brute...
I've had just
about enough of you!
[victorious chirping]
But, Hyunckel...
are you sure about this?
It won't be easy.
Hyunckel: Don't
worry about me.
He's right.
What's worrying about the guy
gonna accomplish, anyway?
Nothing!
He's gonna do
whatever he wants!
Hey - Popp!
Popp: I'm glad
you're here, Hyunckel.
Having you standing behind
us is more than enough.
You're still our senior...
Disciple of Avan.
He's right.
Even if you can't
fight alongside us...
You showing up is the
kind of courageous act
that we need in
moments like this.
We won't lose.
You can sit this
one out, Hyunckel.
I appreciate the concern...
but standing by while you fight
may be even harder for me.
Let's do this.
Take a compliment.
No more bishop...
Is it dead?
Probably.
Dai and Baran must've won.
Dai and Baran?
It looks like they already
had our plan figured out.
Hadlar's waiting
to take them both on.
Hyunckel [thought]: He plans
to fight two Dragon Knights...
Does he stand a chance?
Or does he intend to die?
Or... could it be both?
We need to get moving.
Let's not show them any mercy.
Hym: That's supposed
to be our line.
You aren't the only ones who
can't afford to lose this fight.
Let's end this pointless
saga once and for all.
So, let's see which of
us will get the honor!
Hadlar: I don't
have much time.
So why don't we begin, then?
What kind of
game is this, Hadlar?
Do you really think the
two of us are so weak...
that you can win this
thing by yourself?
[chuckling]
Of course not.
Dragon Knights are
the ultimate creations,
a vision from
the gods, themselves.
Knowing that one
was serving under me...
It filled me with fear.
Fear that someday you
would come after my throne.
And when I learned Dai here
was also a Dragon Knight,
I knew that day would come.
I imagined the two of you
working together to defeat me.
Now that fear has
become a reality.
Nevertheless, I find myself
looking forward to this.
Life can be
strange, can it not?
Dai [thought]: He's been
planning to fight both of us
from the start.
Hadlar: Fenbren's
insubordination was unexpected.
It seems that within me,
there was still some
lingering narcissism
and a desire for glory
in battle, after all.
The Forbidden Magic I used
imbued his personality
with both those things.
Children tend to grow up to be
their parents, don't they?
Now I shall defeat
Dai, the Hero!
And Baran, if you should choose
to defend the boy in any way,
I will destroy both
of you for good.
Baran: You fool!
Spare me your
arrogance, Hadlar.
It seems that your power
has grown in some ways...
But do not assume that you
have the strength to take on
two Dragon Knights
at one time.
The cost will be immensely
high, I can assure you.
Dai: Wait!
I don't think
Hadlar's being arrogant;
He's transformed into
a Superior Being.
A Superior Being?
Dai: Yes. I think he
might be way more powerful
than either one of us.
That's why we have to
him fight together!
It's the only sure way
that we can win this thing.
Nonsense.
Don't you know your
strength, boy?
There's no need
to fight together.
Have you no pride at all
in being a Dragon Knight?
If I could win this with
just pride, I would.
Dai: You already
said it yourself.
Our real target is King Vearn.
[frustrated growl]
Vearn: And so it begins.
The great climactic battle
we've all been waiting for.
Who will gain the upper hand?
Mystvearn: Hadlar may
have become quite powerful,
but against the full fury of
Dai and Baran, he cannot win.
Isolating himself
from his Royal Guard
was an act of pure madness.
Madness, you say?
No. He's desperate.
He's backed himself
into a corner
to push his
strength even further.
Don't you see?
Quite a clever ploy
for our Hadlar.
Mystvearn: But,
should he be defeated,
the Dragons will gain entrance
to the citadel, will they not?
Vearn: That won't happen.
Mystvearn: No?
I believe they will find it
quite impossible, Mystvearn.
The father and son
will never see my face.
I was mistaken, Dai.
I was sure that you had
grown as a warrior...
But it seems to me that
you're still far from
becoming a true Dragon Knight.
You're mistaking
arrogance for pride.
There's more important
things at stake.
I don't need to be a "true
Dragon Knight" to see that.
Besides, I'm part human...
I'll never be
the same as you.
I'm fighting
for all my friends.
And I'm going to do
the very best I can-
the best I'm capable of.
For me, defeating Vearn and
Hadlar means saving the world.
My pride isn't going
to get in the way.
Dai...
Hadlar: Enough talk.
Who will fight?
Or are both of you too afraid?
Let's settle this,
Hadlar! Just us!
If you're not gonna
listen to reason, Baran,
I don't have a choice.
You'll see in just
a few seconds.
So the boy dies first.
We'll see!
Hadlar has a hidden sword?!
[roaring]
Hadlar: [laughing]
Good, Dai!
You've truly improved since the
last time we crossed blades.
Baran [thought]: Dai
was right about him...
The power of the attacks
he's unleashing rivals my own.
Hadlar: How very generous.
Hadlar: To fight in
place of your father,
who has no
experience against me.
However...
it's not as though
you know the full extent
of my powers either, boy.
What kind of weapon is that?!
Hell's Chain!
[pained cry]
Boom!
Avan... Strash!
Kaboom!
Dai!
Dai... Are you all right?
[pained groaning]
[chuckle]
Wh-what did I tell you?
Baran: I see now.
Hadlar's power is great.
He's a menace.
Well, well. Dai.
Even after all this time.
You still surprise me.
You and me both.
He completely negated my
Strash with his Kaboom spell.
A wound like that will
regenerate in no time.
It can't be!
No... it is!
The infernal coal.
A Black Core!
What's a "black core"?
Baran [thought]:
How could the Dark King
do something so barbaric?
To implant such a device
in his own servant...
Mystvearn: A Black Core?!
And you hid this in
the body you gave Hadlar?
Vearn: Now do you understand?
I told you those two
will never see my face.
If they manage
to defeat Hadlar,
they will detonate the Black
Core hidden in his body,
creating a destructive blast.
At the very least...
We can bring this
battle to a draw.
Mystvearn: A draw?
It will blow away the
entire Field of Death.
Vearn: Perhaps,
but no matter.
No harm will
befall my palace.
After all,
their battle is taking
place out on the perimeter.
That thing's... a bomb?
Baran: That's right.
A super-powered one from the
Underworld called a Black Core.
It's a nightmarish weapon-
one even more devastating
than you can imagine.
But... How do
you know about that?
I've seen it before.
When I was in the Underworld.
Black Cores are made from
a stone called Black Crystal.
It's found deep
in the Underworld
and absorbs power
from the very earth.
They're weaponized
using Old Magic.
However, due to their
extreme destructive power,
even evil creatures who have
dedicated their existence
to Forbidden Magic fear
using these Black Cores.
Thirteen years ago,
when Hadlar was Dark Lord and
ravaged the surface world,
I fought Velzar, King of
the Abyss, in the Underworld.
During that battle in
the depths of the earth,
Velzar used a
Black Core against me.
Dai: What happened?
Baran: His entire
region was vaporized.
In his attempt to vanquish me,
he destroyed his own kingdom.
After that, even Velzar...
He refused to use
a Black Core again.
His great ambition...
Was to rule the Underworld and
conquer the surface continents.
He wasn't going to risk
destroying them both.
Baran [thought]: But for
Vearn to resort to using
a Black Core...
It seems his plan is not
to rule the surface world,
but to annihilate
it completely.
Vearn: I never intended for
Hadlar to be a sacrificial pawn.
But when I saved him
from the brink of death,
I implanted the
Black Core as insurance.
Then he went and transformed
himself into a Superior Being.
This was something
even I did not expect.
The increase in his power
has had an adverse effect
on the Black Core.
It is no longer stable.
The bomb could be
set off at any moment.
I believe that this will
manifest itself in Hadlar
with bouts of
excruciating agony.
Of course, he'll likely
assume that the pain is
a product of the little
experiment done to his body.
Knowing the outcome of a
battle is a boring thing...
A horrible shame.
But even still,
we must see it through.
He has been a valuable servant,
but this may be
the final performance
of our dear old Hadlar.
Mystvearn [thought]: Tragic...
Finally finding
the warrior inside him
has ultimately
shortened his life.
Ironic, even.
While I would prefer that
he win and survive...
Should he fall, at least he'll
go out in a blaze of glory.
If only he knew
that his demise
could bring our
Dark king victory.
If the Black Core explodes,
we'll be in trouble.
What do we do?
I don't know.
Dai: What?!
And Dai, we can't use any spells
or swords in this battle.
Fight only with blunt force.
Hang on - seriously?
But we'll never win!
Baran: Just listen to me!
That Black Core
has been imbued with
a terrifying amount
of Magic Power.
It must be completely
filled after absorbing
some of Hadlar's
transformed energy, as well.
Simply hitting it with a
powerful spell of any kind
might set it off.
Hadlar: Are you done planning?
I'll take you both on!
Now, ready or not.
[roaring]
Hadlar! Is... he-
Oh, no. He's coming!
Narrator: To avoid
setting off the Black Core
and alerting Hadlar
of its presence,
Dai and Baran must hold
back their attacks.
But the Dark Lord hounds
them relentlessly,
and when he prepares to unleash
his Ultra Combustion Slash,
Baran confronts the
overwhelming onslaught
with a gambit of his own...
See how it unfolds
next time on
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Hadlar Versus Baran".